[WIP] Scalebar Fit segments width (#7649)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/print_composer/composer_items/composer_scale_bar.rst

  * number of subdivisions of a unique segment on the :guilabel:`Left` side
  * number of segments on the :guilabel:`Right` side

> * You can set the width of a segment or a range for the total length of the scalebar:
>   
>   * Set how long a segment will be in your scalebar units(:guilabel:`Fixed width`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You can set the width of a segment or a range for the total length of the scale bar:
  
  * Set how long a segment will be in your scale bar units (:guilabel:`Fixed width`)
```
